Competition link: https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/fii-atnn-brats-2020-medical-data-analysis

Benchmark performance:
- As mentioned in the abstract, the values of the metrics of interest - accuracy, precision, recall and Dice similarity coefficient - reached remarkable values, comparable to those obtained in other studies of the same type. The developed model achieved a remarkable accuracy value of 96.65% for the classification of images from the test data set, and in addition the Dice similarity coefficient recorded values of up to 89.428% in tumor segmentation.
- Considering that the proposed model is unique for the addressed competition, the evaluation of the benchmark performance will be based on similar studies of the same kind mentioned in the report. Also, the data sets will be similar in structure and number of instances.
- It should be considered the fact that in the provided data set (BraTS 2020) the segmented images of the tumors are also provided only for the training data set. In this sense, I divided this data set both to train and to evaluate the performance of the proposed method. As I stated in the work report, the division proportions were 70:30 for training, respectively validation. It is important to mention that the division of instances was done in a random manner and thus, the comparison of the performance can only be done through the indicative consultation of other approaches from the same range. The comparison cannot be made on a benchmark set, since the validation instances differ from one run to another, the reason being the one cited above: the validation data set provided by BraTS does not contain the segmented images, but only the training set (that was randomly divided) contains them.

Ablation Study:
- The study components are organized in the following sections: in section II are described the related works; in section III the proposed approach to solve the problem is described step by step. In section IV is presented the ablation study. Section V exposes the discussion based on the project. Last but not least, within section VI is stated the conclusion.
- For this competition no other scores were recorded.
- The entire list of findings is specified in the report, but the most important aspect that must be mentioned is the use of the gpu board to reduce the network training time.
